Kiki didn't expect Mr. Ji to be the person I've been looking for?
Tomorrow we will have an engagement party at Yunhai Hotel
You must come.
Congratulations on your engagement party
I won't make it popular
What do we do?
elder sister
Don't you want to witness the happiness of me and Lingchuan with your own eyes?
If you don't come
I will be very sad.
Is that right? I don't know if Fu received the news that you and Ji Lingchuan are engaged.
What will happen to him?
A brother is your boyfriend
I think my future brother-in-law will be happy for me too
I said I don't want trash
Not to mention
It's the trash you've used.
Sister, I know you are excellent
But you can't slander me out of jealousy either
But what about the person I've liked since I was a child?
Some people.
I just can't see others
Even his own sister is cheap
In fact, you belong to my wish now
I'm notified that I have to go to the movie with Xiaosheng
Like I said, I'm quitting.
Okay, if you resign, you will pay 50 million in liquidated damages
What contract is written in black and white about you?
Our sister
I heard the bad guy say he's going to sell us all
Wait a minute, you run first.
I'll cover you.
I want to separate from my big brother, I don't want to